despite the Biden campaigns talking
points are the hopes of some of his
backers the Tara Reid story is not going
away anytime soon new york times meet
economist ben smith agrees tweeting the
thing about reid story and many like it
is that media decision-makers still
operate under illusion they control
whether it's a story
why not shirt cut the hand ring and ask
biden to open his personal papers to
inspection which is where this is headed
anyway then joins us now by a skype to
elaborate great to see you then thanks
for having me on of course
so just expand on on your thoughts as
articulated there in that tweet well i
think there's you know there's a sort of
reflex that you know when I was at
BuzzFeed I used to always take advantage
of where when a story kind of comes in
from unconventional places from people
who don't fit an easy medium old there's
sort of a reflex in the legacy media to
hold back a bit to not cover it I think
you know elements of that you can you
can interpret that however you want I'm
not going to try to get into people's
heads but but inevitably a story goes
from being something that you know you
guys are talking about and the intercept
is breaking news on to something that is
on the front page of my newspaper and on
the evening news and the course of say
like two to six weeks like you can sort
of set your clock by it and I think in
that in that period viewers are saying
themselves why isn't the mainstream
media covering this and again I don't
I'm not gonna try that psychoanalyze why
people are doing things but an obvious
solution I have always thought would be
to just cover it all right I mean that
that seems of course obviously as we
said I mean terror actually spoke with
the Daily Caller my former employer and
she talked about how she'd been
interviewed by places like ABC News and
that producers that said that they just
weren't interested in covering the story
and like you said it I mean beyond
psychoanalyzing it I think it's just
more what you pointed to in that tweet
is the hubris of thinking that by not
covering it that you may have an impact
on a desired political outcome do you
think that that's what I think maybe
some people think that I mean I think
you know I interviewed The Times
editor-in-chief about this and what he
said in the context of the time makes
times makes sense which is what can the
times at here at the deeply you know
it's that we're
to be really careful take our time and
tell the reader what we know and that's
what The Times did The Times is now you
know pretty on it and cover covering the
story to me it's really surprising that
TV networks just sort of haven't booked
her yet right well and we covered here
Ben there was a real sort of outrage
online that Chris Hayes I think it was
the first segment that MSNBC has done on
these allegations certainly sort of the
first big primetime segment and you know
two myeeeeh recovered and very sort of
honest and straightforward way but the
fact that it was covered at all outraged
at least some portion of the MSNBC
viewing audience so you can understand
why a lot of anchors out of
self-preservation haven't wanted to
tackle it yeah you know I think yes I
mean I do think Democrats broadly don't
want to hear this don't want to hear
this story and I think you know you guys
also have an audience that wants to hear
certain things in certain stories and
perhaps feel it to feel an impulse to
pander to them sometimes and I do think
that's what you're saying I have a sin B
C for sure huh well that's another thing
that you pointed out Ben there was
according to your sourcing that Tara had
actually been requested by Fox News
multiple times and she'd be turning down
those booking requests kind of tracks
with what we'd heard as well and that
but I mean I don't I don't think you
have this sourcing to back this up but
it seems that CNN or MSNBC had just not
invited her for an interview on their
program and we interviewed her here I
think 34 days ago think that well that
one is particularly remarkable to me
yeah you know I mean here's I think the
thing that I worry about and that I'm
writing about today and slightly annoyed
that you get your thing there before my
column goes up but what can you do is
that you know when when Appert when you
know in particular when it's a woman you
know accusing someone of sexual assault
and the example that comes to mind for
me is one date abroad Rick goes to the
media and has standing as Dean vaque
said has a you know has you don't have
to believe her but you should listen to
her and doesn't kind of in says I'd like
to talk to the mainstream American media
about this and for whatever reason
doesn't get listened to there's this
danger that you
she's gonna go to the only people who
will listen to her which are people with
a really sharp partisan agenda and her
story then becomes kind of turned into a
weaponized political fact rather than a
set of specific allegations about
something that happened and I think to
some degree that always happens in
American politics that everything is
weaponized but I think that the media
can try to hold that Center and say hey
look our job here is just to kind of
figure out what happened and let the
chips fall where they may and that's I
think the role that I hope they'll play
yeah hello - whoever just walked into
the room another question for you on
this so New York Times published their
piece
you know thoroughly reported etc and the
one that you spoke to Dean McKay about
it did not come to a conclusion over
whether or not what Tara Reid says
happen actually happened because how
could you possibly ultimately know
specifically whether that happen or not
Biden campaign however was passing
around talking points this is according
to your old outlet BuzzFeed news telling
their surrogates to say that The Times
looked into this and found it did not
happen your colleagues didn't seem too
pleased with that just respond to those
developments if you would yeah I mean I
think I mean I think the Biden yeah I
the Biden campaign tried to use this
time story which said as a good story
says here's what we know here's what we
don't know and tried to say you know
that evidence of absence is you know
whatever that that phrase is try to use
it in a way that it seemed definitive I
mean it's very hard to prove a negative
right yeah certainly so I think you know
all you can really do in a story like
this is report really hard I think
there's lots more reporting to be done
that's what my colleagues are doing yeah
well thank you Ben is always for
updating us on this story and you've
been on top of it from the very
beginning so thank you
great to see you thank you guys uh-huh
next on rising for the first time in 30
years Nancy Pelosi has a Democratic
challenger in the day in the general
election our conversation with siya hood
Betar that's when rising returns